hays ap people how such bouquet
mansaré miss was good I hope
that you will do in any case me I
lai to comment on this new video
so we find ourselves once again on
call of duty kid so I take
naked company hi to you that's him
authorizes the commands to tune me that
I'm very happy I hope you have the
form
so today we find ourselves for a
little tutorial I really hope he'll help you
will be useful in any case I think so
because frankly there is a lot of trouble
both of them so that's a tutorial so
simple it dates a tutorial for points
squats I'll let you speak the
crate to introduce a little bit the
video ok so already for all those who
not know what it is necessarily ben
the squats points which is all to
understandable since this is the game
has not been released since
long actually squats points
it's just sort of
points that you're going to accumulate finally from
anyway it's his scissors that's going
explain it a little bit later
but in May in short the points
of squad in fact it's just fine
serve you to unlock for example a
accessory a weapon an asset to anyone
what time as long as you have the sum
of escwa points required for that
you want to unlock ie
for example if there is an asset that you
interested and only unlock it
level told that your level 10 and
that it is required simply with 5
squad points if you have precisely
a balance of 5 squats points you
can simply use these
five points to unlock the cough or
for example I do not know a weapon etc
so I think you followed me
after my season, I give you the floor
simply for the rest so for
the method is quite simple enough
simply go to the play menu
line of call of duty kids you go
in the operation box and in this
hourly box just full of small
challenges that will be proposed to you for
earn xp so it will be very
important for the squad points
is also at the level of the challenges
that the way you go them
realize you will have a number of
squad points or in there it's
really what you are looking for
in a way and so that's so
it's nice enough we can take the
first challenge is to destroy 20 good-byes
series of enemy eliminations in
using invisible has therefore yielded challenges
which are relatively simple
so when you get it to
give you 500 xp as we can
see on the screen so 500 xp that will do
a little extra for a high level admits
be aware that at each level not this
game you will have a little bonus at the level
squad wounds and you will also have
finally suffered if the mission will be successful
you will have a number of points
more squad so it's really
everything for you will have
an ease to pass your levels you
will also have a facility for your
classes you will have more choices
economic you will have more points
squad and so here is so nac and throw
the relay of speech if you like this
something to say for the end of the video
ok so me just for a little bit
complement what scissors said
in fact as you can see me
precisely its screen we have five challenges to
me nobody dropped on the page I have five
challenges and once you're done
precisely the five challenges to continue
to gain points and this quad or so
of the xp you have the option square or
so the x box button I remember
no more is there on the screen you
confirmed poster buying news
operations ie you're going
spend 1 point squats for
just to regain full for
realize other challenges and then that's it
guys so that's all I had
to say so for those of air that would have
finished in the challenges do not hesitate especially
not to throw precisely for a point
of squad other challenges all
just that they will allow you
to have more xp and more points
guest what's me personally
that's all I had to say scissors
it was really a pleasure
today ben I was in company
well, at least that I had you in my
company in your video and so that's it
so I hope you enjoyed the video
do not hesitate to let go of
laika share video is you
liked to comment to give your opinion
and we are saying very soon for a
new video ciao ciao
g
mr